Updated: january 23, 2023

MoonzDev ("Us", "We", or "Our") develops bot for Discord ("zivo"). This Privacy Policy informs you of how we collect and store your Personal Information and what we do with it regarding our services.

If you choose to use our bot, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. Type of Data Collected For a better experience while using our bot, we may store certain personal information provided by Discord in our database, including but not limited to:

• User IDs • Username • Guild IDs

Use of the Data All data collected is necessary for the service to function. For example, we may use your User ID to store information when running commands. This data is only stored when you run a command that requires your information is stored or when it is required for our service to function. If you wish to have this data removed from our service, simply contact us at the contact details below and ask us to remove your data.

Guild Data including Guild ID are used to store Guild-specific settings and are entirely opt-in. We will not store your Guild ID unless you use a feature that requires it such as running a command that may change a setting regarding your Guild or running another command that deals with your Guild. If you wish to have your Guild information removed from our service, simply remove the bot from the Guild and your Guild data will automatically be removed. Security We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Our bot is hosted on a secure dedicated server in Singapore, SG. Changes to this Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy is effective as of january 23, 2023 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this command.

We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this command will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
